learn seo in just five minutes a day my
company np digital was the 21st fastest
growing company in the united states
according to inc magazine and seo is one
of the biggest reasons for my success
and that company's success it allows you
to get traffic leads and sales without
paying an arm and a leg if i had to buy
my traffic with ads it would cost five
million one hundred and thirty four
thousand two hundred and ninety four
dollars a month and ad costs keep going
up each month but that was the latest
number when i googled for each of my
keywords just for shits and giggles and
that's expensive
while with seo i don't even spend one
percent of that if i had to spend that
five plus million dollars i wouldn't
have a profitable company so how do you
become an seo expert without having all
the time in the world well here's how
you do it in just five minutes a day
step one go to ubers put in your url
create an account
create a project and put in some of the
keywords you want to rank for uber
suggests
will also give you keywords that you can
rank for if you don't have any keywords
that you want to rank for this doesn't
even take five minutes and every week
uber says we'll send you emails on
what's wrong with your site and how to
fix it and it'll give you simple tasks
two or three and that'll improve your
rankings over time and teach you seo
because you're doing it on your own
website step two i want you to read
neilpatel.com backlinko and search
engine land you don't have to read
articles every day or anything like that
but just read one or two a week that you
like it'll keep you up to date with the
new tactics and strategies and how to
keep improving your rankings
step 3 listen to marketing school
podcasts not every episode is on seo
there's an episode every single day but
at least one episode a week is usually
on seo and the marketing school podcast
is under five minutes and as you listen
to a few of the podcast episodes if you
just give it time and you listen to them
for a few months not every single day
but just pick some every single week
you'll learn seo quickly without
spending more than five minutes a day
look it doesn't take much more than that
just give it some time do this for a few
months and you'll learn ezio quickly
without spending more than five minutes
a day and if you don't want to spend the
time and you just want someone to spend
more time on it and get the results
faster check out my ad agency np digital
where we do this for companies heck we
do all forms of marketing for companies
if you enjoyed this video like it share
it tell the people about it subscribe to
this channel you have questions leave a
comment below i'm here to help and
sincerely i really appreciate you taking
the time to watch this video it really
does make my day